Mr. Yang, our company is looking forward to cooperating with you.
Here's the plan.
Please take a look.
Sunan come out for me
Take it out
Give me out
Come out, I am the mother of your motherland.
I have something to do with him
Sunan, please wait a moment.
Mr. Su is busy
The house is dirtier than his dog's clothes
He's still in the mood to talk about work
Let Mrs. Sunan come out. Madam, please wait a moment.
Madam Sunan, come out for me
Get out of the way sunan
Mr. Su really didn't stop him
You go out first
Mom, I'm talking about work.
Why don't you go out first
You have to let that little white face come out and apologize one by one today
Otherwise I won't be leaving today
Mom
Mr. Yang, I have some personal matters to deal with
Would you like to sit for a while?
Mom, this was Zoe's fault
Why should I apologize to him?
Hey, what you said
How can a girl destroy her own life?
I think you're just fascinated by him
I don't even help my own family
Okay, I'll explain it to you later.
You go out first
No, you let that kid come over now
Otherwise I won't go
Mr. Su, you'd better solve your personal problems first.
As for cooperation
Let's talk about it another day